[Music]
eleven Central Intelligence Agency
viewed by some as a revitalized model of
the Office of Strategic Services the
Central Intelligence Agency was
established as a subunit of the National
Security Council by the National
Security Act of 1947 with
responsibilities one to advise the NSC
on intelligence matters related to
national security two to make
recommendations to the council regarding
the coordination of intelligence
activities of the federal executive
departments and agencies three to
correlate and evaluate intelligence and
provide for its appropriate
dissemination four to perform such
additional services for the benefit of
existing intelligence entities as the
NSC determines can be effectively
accomplished by a central organization
and five to perform such additional
functions and duties relating to
national security intelligence as the
council made erect the agency's organic
statute was amended in 1949 by the
Central Intelligence Agency Act which
sought to improve CIA administration by
strengthening the powers of the Director
among other authorities granted this law
exempts the agency from any statutory
provisions requiring the publication or
disclosure of the organization functions
names official titles salaries or
numbers of personnel employed and
further directs the Office of Management
and Budget then identified as the Bureau
of the budget to make no reports on
these matters to Congress nevertheless
in spite of this restrictive language
some gleanings are available on the
organization of the CIA footnote there
are of course various accounts of CIA
operations and exploits but these are
generally unenlightened with regard to
organizational considerations and are
therefore outside of the scope of this
study and footnote this scenario
necessarily includes not only the
evolution and current status of the
agency's internal structure but extends
as well to entities apart from the
agency which are headed by the director
of central intelligence and unofficial
affiliates in the
service of the CIA the head of the old
Central Intelligence Group Admiral
Roscoe H hillenkoetter served as the
first director of the Central
Intelligence Agency but while this
leadership continuity assured an easy
transition from one unit to its
successor the agency was struggling with
internal organization difficulties and
liaison relationships during its first
years of operation these problems
diminished with the arrival of
Lieutenant General Walter Bedell Smith
former Secretary of the General Staff
under General George C Marshall and
chief of staff to General Dwight D
Eisenhower in Europe as Director of
Central Intelligence in 1950 former CIA
official Lyman B Kirkpatrick jr. offers
this view of Smith's impact on the
agency quote under the persistent
prodding of General Smith the
intelligence community moved toward
coordination and centralization he was
impatient with jurisdictional arguments
whether within the CIA or among the
services his attitude was that there was
more than enough work for everybody he
had the authority and used it within the
CIA he reorganized the operational arm
established new guidelines for
interagency cooperation and established
a support arm to provide the personnel
training communication logistics and
security so necessary in intelligence
activities he separated research from
the estimating process and proposed a
division of research responsibilities
among the intelligence agencies the
intelligence Advisory Committee gained
stature as the governing body of the
community perhaps no action more typify
the style and personality of General
Smith than the organization of the
operational offices of the CIA the
agency had inherited its foreign
intelligence and counterintelligence
offices from the OSS and in the five
years since the Second World War these
had been consolidated reorganized and
reoriented to peacetime conditions
by 1948 another office had been added to
engage in covert operations or political
warfare the new office was in but not of
the CIA
it took its directives from a State
Defense Committee not the DCI one of
Smith's first actions on becoming
director in October 1950 was to announce
that he would issue the orders to this
office he later directed that the two
offices foreign intelligence and covert
operations be merged and that the Deputy
Director concerned and the two assistant
directors in charge of those offices
work out the details as one of the
assistant directors I participated in
what were extended and exhaustive
negotiations in the summer of 1952 Smith
finally accepted our proposals and
called a meeting of all of the division
and staff chiefs of the to be merged
offices to announce the new organization
although everyone present knew that the
director was impatient to have the
merger implemented there were a couple
who wanted to argue it Smith gave them
short shrift his quick temper flared and
he scathingly stopped the discussion
announced what was to take place and
stalked out one of my colleagues leaned
over and whispered my god if he is that
terrifying now imagine what he must have
been at full weight during the Second
World War when he was Eisenhower's chief
of staff Smith had weighed about 185
pounds but an operation for stomach
ulcers had reduced his size by 50 pounds
end quote
footnote Lyman B Kirkpatrick jr. the US
intelligence community's foreign policy
and domestic activities New York Hill
and Wang 1973 pages 32 through 33 when
Smith departed from the CIA director
ship in 1952 he was succeeded by a man
who was not only his equal in
organizational abilities but an
individual virtually without equal in
intelligence operations Allen Welsh
Dulles the OSS master spy
Switzerland during World War two lately
head of the CIA's office of policy
coordination which carried out political
subversion missions and brother of the
new Secretary of State while Dulles
himself has written very little about
his organization and manner of
administering the Central Intelligence
Agency one close observer of his
operating techniques has written quote
one of the first things we did when he
became the director was to abolish the
office of the deputy director of
administration DDA in a city renowned
for its bureaucratic administration and
it's penchant for proving how right C
Northcote Parkinson was mr. Dulles first
act was more heretical to most
Washingtonians than one of Walter Bedell
Smith's first actions the one in which
he told the McCarthy sent an
investigation of communist activity
hearings that he thought there might
well be communists in the agency
Washington was not as upset about the
Communists as it was to learn that a
major agency of the government had
abolished administration mr. Dulles took
the view of the intelligence
professional that it was much more
dangerous and therefore undesirable to
have all kinds of administrators
acquiring more information than they
should have than it was to find some way
to get along without the administrators
while the public was mulling over that
tidbit from the CIA the real moves were
being made inside the organization where
no one could see what was going on the
deputy of intelligence DDI strengthened
by the addition of the current
intelligence organization which prepares
the daily intelligence report submitted
to the President and other such tasks
was to be responsible for everything to
do with intelligence and more
importantly was to be encumbered by
nothing that had to do with the
logistics and administration that was
the theory in practice the DDI has a lot
of administrative and support matters to
contend with as does any other large
office however as much of the routine
and continuing loads as could be was set
upon the deputy director of support DDS
at the
same time the new and growing DDP plans
the special operation shop was similarly
stripped of all encumbrances and freed
to do the operational work that Dulles
saw developing as his task this left the
dds support with a major task he was
responsible for the entire support of
the agency support of all kinds at all
times and in all places end quote
footnote L Fletcher Prouty the secret
team Englewood Cliffs
prentice-hall 1973 pages 245 through to
46 end footnote as an intelligence
professional Dulles held strong views as
to the type of individuals who should
lead the agency and serve it during the
hearings on the proposed National
Security Act of 1947 he sent a
memorandum on the CIA provisions to
Senator Chan gurney Republican South
Dakota chairman of the committee on
armed services indicating his view that
the new intelligence entity quote should
be directed by a relatively small but
elite core of men with a passion for
anonymity and a willingness to stick at
that particular job they must find their
reward in the work itself and in the
service they render their government
rather than in public acclaim and quote
elsewhere in his statement he opined
that the agency quote must have a core
of the most competent men which this
country can produce to evaluate and
correlate the intelligence obtained and
to present it in proper form to the
interested government departments in
most cases to the State Department and
in many cases to the Department of
National Defense or to both end quote
footnote C US Congress Senate Committee
on Armed Services national defense
establishment unification of the Armed
Services hearings 80th Congress first
session Washington US government print
office 1947 pages 525 through 528 Dulles
continued to express this view after he
after the directorship offering perhaps
his most developed account on this point
in a 1963 writing quote from the day of
its founding the CIA has operated on the
assumption that the majority of its
employees are interested in a career and
need and deserve the same guarantees and
benefits which they would receive if in
the Foreign Service or in the military
in turn the CIA expects most of its
career employees to enter its service
with the intention of durable
association no more than other large
public or private institutions can it
afford to invest its resources of time
and money in the training and
apprenticeship of persons who separate
before they have begun to make a
contribution to the work at hand it can
in fact afford this even less than most
organizations for one very special
reason peculiar to the intelligence
world the maintenance of its security a
sizeable turnover of short-term
employees is dangerous because it means
that working methods identities of key
personnel and certain projects in
progress will have been exposed in some
measure to persons not yet sufficiently
indoctrinated in the habits of security
to judge when they are talking out of
turn and when they are not the very
nature of a professional intelligence
organization requires then that it
recruits its personnel for the long pole
that it carefully screened candidates
for jobs in order to determine ahead of
time whether they are the kind of people
who will be competent suitable and
satisfied and that once such people are
within the fold their careers can be
developed to the mutual advantage of the
government and the officer end quote
footnote Allen W Dulles the craft of
intelligence New York Harper & row 1973
pages 171 and 172 end footnote yet
regardless of these expressions of
personnel policy the overriding factor
in CIA recruitment during dosas tenure
would seem to be security a condition
brought to bear not by the directors own
choosing
but rather by the tirades of the junior
senator from Wisconsin Joseph R McCarthy
quote the CIA director told the
president he would resign unless
McCarthy's vituperation was silenced
Eisenhower had been reluctant to stand
up to the politically powerful and
politically useful senator but he
accepted Dulles as contingent that
McCarthy's attacks on the agency were
damaging to the national security Vice
President Nixon was dispatched to
pressure McCarthy into dropping his
plans for a public investigation
the senator suddenly became convinced
that quote it would not be in the public
interest to hold public hearings on the
CIA that that perhaps could be taken
care of administratively and quote the
administrative remedy McCarthy demanded
as the price of his silence was a vast
internal purge of the agency the senator
privately brought his charges against
CIA security risks to Dulles office he
had lists of alleged homosexuals and
rich men in CIA employ and provided
Dulles with voluminous allegations and
denunciations but no facts to ensure
however that his charges were taken
seriously by CIA McCarthy continued to
threaten a public investigation and his
infamous hearings on alleged subversion
in the army the senator frequently spoke
of communist infiltration and corruption
and dishonesty in the CIA he called this
a very very dangerous situation which
disturbs me beyond words the pressure
took its toll security standards for
agency employment were tightened often
to the point of absurdity and many able
young men were kept from pursuing
intelligence careers end quote the
author of the above passage suggests
that the effect of the new security
standards were profound for the
development of the Central Intelligence
Agency in brief individuals who have
been involved in any type of leftist
ideological cause would find it
difficult to a
employment with the CIA because of the
situation the flow of diverse viewpoints
through new personnel was restricted and
a like-minded manner of thinking began
to evolve within the agency as a
consequence of this state of affairs and
for other reasons some CIA employees
abandoned their intelligence careers and
sought more rewarding positions in the
diplomatic and foreign policy
establishment these shifts also had an
interesting effect in terms of the CIA's
image and impact State Department
officials have learned the power of
their clandestine opposite numbers and
March 1954 a Texas attorney with long
business experience in South America was
named Assistant Secretary of State for
Latin American affairs at one of his
first briefings the Texan learned that
the CIA had set aside 20 million dollars
to overthrow a leftist regime in
Guatemala the assistant secretary raised
vigorous objections to the whole plan
until he was silenced by his superior
the Undersecretary of State who happened
to be ex CIA director Walter Bedell
Smith on several other occasions during
the 1950's John Foster Dulles felt that
his own ambassadors could not be trusted
and should not be informed of CIA
operations in their countries and those
operations as often as not were
undertaken by arrogant adventurers who
had developed operational independence
from a relatively enlightened staff at
CIA's Washington headquarters end quote
at present the Central Intelligence
Agency is thought to be organized into
five entities the Office of the Director
and its satellites and for functional
directorates footnote this general
description is taken from Victor
Marchetti and John D marks the CIA and
the cult of intelligence New York
offered a knop 1974 pages 67 through 79
corroborating information has been
compared from other public descriptions
of the agency in footnote at the head of
the
agency are the director and deputy
director both of whom serve at the
pleasure of the president and are
appointed subject to confirmation by the
United States Senate either of these
officials may be selected from among the
commissioned officers of the Armed
Services whether active or retired but
one position must always be held by a
civilian there is also a deputy director
of Central Intelligence for the
intelligence community prior to 1973
this official was known as the deputy
director for Community Relations who
assists the Director of Central
Intelligence and his administrative
responsibilities outside of managing the
agency one satellite entity attached to
the Office of the Director of Central
Intelligence is a small group of senior
analysts drawn from the CIA and other
agencies who prepare the National
Intelligence Estimates which are
position papers assessing potentiality
or capability for the benefit of US
policymakers eg Soviet strategic defence
capability grain production in communist
China or the political stability of
Argentina Chile Angola or Jordan founded
in 1950 as the board of national
estimates and initially headed by OSS
veteran dr. William Langer the unit was
reorganized in October 1973 when its
name was changed to national
intelligence officers nio quote each
nio is either a geographic or
functional expert and is allotted one
staff assistant flexibility is a
frequently used word in the CIA under
director William e Colby who has
recruited an ni o for economic problems
from RAND Corporation another for arms
control mr. salt talks and others for
key geographic areas such as Russia
China and the Middle East
reportedly the NIOS are to be recruited
from all agencies within the
intelligence community with a sprinkling
of functional experts from the outside
and the military NIOS are to have
general officer rank in order to add
prestige to the position if so this
vision is suspect since the promotion
system within the Armed Forces does not
assure that good intelligence estimators
will be advanced to general officer rank
on the contrary as experience in Vietnam
has repeatedly demonstrated high rank is
often associated with poor estimating
ability and loss of touch with reality
if nio positions are staffed with
general officers the latter will have to
depend on their staff assistants for
credible estimates however the system as
envisaged will enable the nio to go
outside CIA for expertise and advice
thus playing specialists from one
government agency or industry against
each other in an adversary process of
arriving at balanced estimates it will
also enable the nio to let contracts
for the study of certain problems to
academia end quote
the other satellite attached to the
Office of the Director of Central
Intelligence is the intelligence
resources Advisory Committee successor
to the National Intelligence Resources
Board created in 1968 by CIA director
Richard Helms both units were designed
to assist in the coordination and
management of the intelligence
community's budget while the old board
consisted of the director of the Defense
Intelligence Agency and the director of
the State Department's Bureau of
intelligence and research with the
deputy director of CIA as chairman the
new committee established during
President Nixon's 1971 intelligence
reorganization to advise the DCI on the
preparation of a consolidated
intelligence program budget and today's
senior representative from the Office of
Management and Budget to the group and
designated the CIA director acting in
his capacity as coordinator of National
Intelligence as chairman another panel
which might be mentioned at this
juncture is the United States
intelligence board established in 1960
by a classified National Security
Council intelligence directive the board
is the successor to the intelligence
advisory committee created in 1950 as an
interdepartmental coordinating forum
by the CIA director and Counting
representatives from the Armed Services
intelligence units the State
Department's Bureau of intelligence and
research the National Security Agency
the Federal Bureau of Investigation and
the Atomic Energy Commission as members
the committee and its successor
functioned as a board of directors for
the intelligence community and present
us I be reportedly assists and advises
the Director of Central Intelligence
with respect to the issuance of National
Intelligence Estimates setting
intelligence collection requirements
priorities and objectives coordinating
intelligence community estimates of
future events and of enemy strengths
controlling the classification and
security systems for most of the federal
government and protecting intelligence
sources and methods directing research
in various fields of technical
intelligence and deciding what
information is to be shared with the
intelligence services of Allied or
friendly nations the board consists of a
representative from the State
Department's Bureau of intelligence and
research the National Security Agency
the Federal Bureau of Investigation the
energy research and development
administration successor to the Atomic
Energy Commission on nuclear
intelligence matters and the deputy
director of CIA the director of the
Defense Intelligence Agency was included
in 1961 and three years later the status
of the Armed Services representatives
the Army Navy and Air Force
having been represented on the original
board was downgraded from member to
observer
on the grounds that the Defense
Intelligence Agency member represented
all of them in the 1971 intelligence
community reorganization announced by
President Nixon a Treasury Department
representative was added to us I be
meeting approximately once a week the
board's agenda and minutes are
classified when the panel goes into
executive session all staff members are
excluded from the proceedings u.s. ib is
supported by an interdepartmental
committee structure which encompasses
every aspect of the nation's foreign
intelligence requirements ranging from
the methods
collection to all areas of research
while these standing committees have
numbered as many as 15 a recent
disclosure indicates a reduction to 11
units in mid 1975 quote the other
components of the Office of the Director
include those traditionally found in
governmental bureaucracies press
officers congressional liaison legal
counsel and so on only to merits special
note the cables Secretariat and the
historical staff the former was
established in 1950 at the insistence of
the Director General Walter Bedell Smith
when Smith an experienced military staff
officer learned that agency
communications especially those between
headquarters and the covert field
stations and bases were controlled by
the clandestine services
he immediately demanded a change in the
system quote the operators are not going
to decide what secret information I will
see or not see end quote he is reported
to have said thus the cables Secretariat
or message center was put under the
directors immediate authority since then
however the operators have found other
ways when it is thought necessary of
keeping their most sensitive
communications from going outside the
clandestine services the historical
staff represents one of the CIA's more
clever attempts to maintain the secrecy
on which the organization thrives
several years ago the agency began to
invite retiring officers to spend an
additional year or two with the agency
on contract at regular pay writing their
official memoirs
the product of their effort is of course
highly classified and tightly restricted
in the agency's eyes this is far better
than having former officers openly
publish what really happens during their
careers with the CIA end quote
outside of the Office of the Director
the agency is organized into four
functional directorates operations
management and services Science and
Technology and intelligence the first of
these
the Directorate of operations is the
clandestine services unit reportedly
consisting of about 6,000 professionals
and clerks and a rough two-to-one ratio
with approximately 45% of this workforce
stationed overseas the vast majority and
cover positions composed of some 15
components the Directorate has most of
its personnel about 4,800 people within
the so-called area divisions which
correspond to the State Department's
Geographic Bureau arrangement quote the
largest area division is the Far East
with about 1,500 people followed an
order of descending size by Europe
Western Europe only Western Hemisphere
Latin America plus Canada Near East
Soviet bloc Eastern Europe and Africa
with only 300 staff the chain of command
goes from the head of the clandestine
services to the chief of the area
divisions then overseas to the Chiefs of
stations cos and their chiefs of bases
see OB and quote there is also a
domestic operations division which is in
essence an area division but it conducts
its mysterious clandestine activities in
the United States not overseas footnote
certain of these mysterious clandestine
activities have been revealed in u.s.
Commission on CIA activities within the
United States pages 208 through 225 end
footnote grouped with the area divisions
the special operations divisions main
function is to provide the assets for
paramilitary operations largely the
contracted manpower mercenaries or
military men on loan the material and
the expertise to get the job done apart
from the area divisions are three staffs
within the Directorate of operations
foreign intelligence espionage
counterintelligence counterespionage and
covert action which oversee operational
policy and their respective specialties
and provide assistance to the area
divisions and the field elements
quote the remaining three components of
the clandestine services provide
technical assistance to the operational
components these three are the missions
and programs staff which does much of
the bureaucratic planning and budgeting
for the clandestine services which
writes up the justification for covert
operations submitted for approval to the
40 committee the operational services
division which among other things sets
up cover arrangements for clandestine
officers and the technical services
division which produces in its own
laboratories the gimmicks of the spy
trade the disguises miniature cameras
tape recorders secret writing kits and
the like and quote the Directorate of
management and services formerly the
Directorate of support is the agency's
administrative and housekeeping
component but according to one former
insider most of its budget and personnel
is devoted to assisting the clandestine
services in carrying out covert
operations contributing in such areas as
communications logistics and training
within the Directorate quote the Office
of Security provides physical protection
for clandestine installations at home
and abroad
and conducts polygraph lie-detector
tests for all CIA employees and contract
personnel and most foreign agents the
office of medical services heals the
sicknesses and illnesses both mental and
physical CIA personnel by providing
cleared psychiatrists and physicians to
treat agency officers analyzes
perspective and already recruited agents
and prepares psychological profiles of
foreign leaders and once in 1971 at the
request of the Watergate
plumbers did a profile of Daniel
Ellsberg the office of logistics
operates the agency's weapons and other
warehouses in the United States and
overseas supplies normal office
equipment and household furniture as
well as the more esoteric clandestine
material to foreign stations and bases
and performs other housekeeping chores
the Office of Communications employing
over 40% of the
record of management and services more
than 5000 career employees maintains
facilities for secret communications
between CIA headquarters and the
hundreds of stations and bases overseas
it also provides the same services on a
reimbursable basis for the State
Department and most of its embassies and
consulates the office of training
operates the agency's training
facilities at many locations around to
the United States and a few overseas the
office of personnel handles the
recruitment and record-keeping for the
CIA's career personnel end quote
the Directorate of intelligence counting
some 3,500 employees is concerned with
the generation of finished intelligence
products and the provision of certain
services of common concern for the
benefit of the entire intelligence
community the directorates principal
units include an Operations Center
management and coordination a
secretariat for the United States
intelligence board which the CIA
director chairs an intelligence
requirements service collection and
needs a central reference service a
foreign broadcast information service a
worldwide radio television monitoring
system an office of operations an office
of current intelligence daily
developments an Office of Strategic
Research long-range planning an Office
of Economic Research an office of basic
and geographical research an imagery
analysis service photographic analysis
and a national photographic
interpretation Center run in cooperation
with the Defense Department for
analyzing photographs taken from
satellites and high-altitude spy planes
the fourth and newest of the agency's
directorates Science and Technology
employs about 1300 people in carrying
out basic research and development
functions the operation of spy
satellites and intelligence analysis in
highly technical fields composed of an
office of scientific intelligence an
office of special activities an office
of research and development an office of
electronics
an office of special projects an office
of computer services and a foreign
missiles and space Activities Center the
Directorate has been credited with a
leadership role in the development of
the u2 and sr-71 spy planes and quote
several brilliant breakthroughs in the
intelligence satellite field end quote
in the areas of behavior influencing
drug and communications intercept
systems development the direct current
experienced a certain amount of
controversy with regard to testing these
entities within the domestic United
States footnote C u.s. Commission on CIA
activities within the United States
pages 225 through to 30 to end footnote
beyond this structuring of the Central
Intelligence Agency there have been a
variety of unofficial affiliates in the
service of the CIA front groups
proprietary organizations and
well-established social economic and
political institutions which received
agency funds for assistance they
provided or secretly transmitted such
money to a third party for services
rendered at least until these practices
were made public quote the CIA's
best-known proprietaries were Radio Free
Europe and Radio Liberty both
established in the early 1950s the
corporate structures of these two
stations served as something of a
prototype for other agency proprietaries
each functioned under the cover provided
by a board of directors made up of
prominent Americans who in the case of
RF II incorporated as the National
Committee for a free Europe and in the
case of RL as the American committee for
liberation but CIA officers in the key
management positions at the stations
made all the important decisions
regarding the programming and operations
of the station's end quote other CIA
businesses which became apparent in the
1960s were the agency's Airlines Air
America Air Asia Civil Air Transport
Intermountain aviation and Southern Air
Transport and certain
holding companies involved with these
airlines or the Bay of Pigs effort such
as the Pacific Corporation and the
double Chek corporation then in early
1967 the disclosure was made that the
CIA had for 15 years subsidized the
nation's largest student organization
the National Student Association
footnote see saul stern a short account
of international student politics and
the gold war with particular reference
to the NSA CIA etc ramparts b5 march
1967 pages 29 through 38 in footnote
this revelation heightened press
interest in CIA fronts and conduits
eventually it became known that the
agency channeled money directly or
indirectly into a panoply of business
labor and church groups the university's
charitable organizations and educational
and cultural groups including African
American Institute American Council for
International Commission of Jurists
American Federation of State County and
Municipal Employees American Friends of
the Middle East American newspaper guild
American Society of African culture Asia
Foundation Association of Hungarian
students in North America Committee for
self-determination Committee of
Correspondence Committee on
international relations fund for
international social and economic
education independent research service
Institute of International labor
Research International Development
Foundation International Marketing
Institute National Council of Churches
National Education Association National
Student Association Paderewski
Foundation Pan American Foundation
University of Miami Frederick a Praeger
publishers Radio Free europe/radio
Liberty sign odd of Bishops of the
Russian Church outside Russia United
States Youth Council Andrew Hamilton
fund Beacon fund Benjamin Rosenthal
Foundation Borden trust
Brod hi Foundation Catherwood Foundation
Chesapeake Foundation David Joseph and
Winfield Baird foundation dodge
foundation Edsel fund Florence
foundation Gotham fund heights fund
independence Foundation J Frederick
Brown foundation JM Kaplan Foundation
Jones O'Donnell Kentfield Fund lit our
foundation Marshall foundation McGregor
fund
Michigan fund monroe fund Norman fund
Pappas Charitable Trusts price fund
Robert E Smith fund San Miguel fund
Sydney and Esther Raab Charitable
Foundation tower fund Vernon fund worden
trust and Willeford Telford fund in
addition to these domestically based
entities a number of foreign
beneficiaries of CIA funds were revealed
as well probably others have been
disclosed which are not recorded here
undoubtedly persistent research and
investigation will unearth additional
entries for this roster however to the
extent that details regarding the
organization of the Central Intelligence
Agency remain cloaked in secrecy the
identity of the unofficial affiliates of
the CIA will continue to be elusive
[Music]
this is our hidden history